report 
1.1The lifecycle of a resource class is by default per-Request within JAX-RS as implemented with frameworks like jersey or resteasy. The runtime will create an instance of the Resource Class for every incoming http request and discard it after the request is complete. Therefore, developers cannot rely upon their resource classes being singletons; instead they can treat them as separate resources for every incoming request. As a result of this design choice there are several significant implications to concurrency. Because each request will operate upon its own resource instance, developers will rarely need to synchronize access to the instance variables; however if developers choose to include shared in memory data structures that support concurrent updates — whether those are static Maps/Lists, or application scoped/singleton objects that store in memory — these objects are subject to race conditions and data corruption. Developers must then employ some form of thread safe technique to avoid these types of problems. These may take many forms; including but limited to employing concurrent collections (ConcurrentHashMap) to manage shared state, using synchronization mechanisms to lock access to shared state, or by simply removing mutable shared state from their resource classes. If developers wish to override the default lifecycle and have the Resource Class behave as a singleton where all incoming http requests will use the same instance, developers must carefully synchronize all mutable fields. Therefore, while the default per-request lifecycle makes thread safety easier for developers to implement, any shared state among resources must still be carefully managed so that developers can achieve both correct operation and reliable behavior.

1.2HATEOAS is referred to as "hypermedia," which is one of the hallmarks of advanced RESTful designs. Hypermedia means that instead of having to pre-determine what URLs are available on a given service, the server will include links and possible actions within each response. Thus the client does not have to know about all the available endpoints ahead of time. Instead, the client follows the links included in representations (i.e., "next", "update", "delete"). Therefore, the entire system is more self-describing and less tightly-coupled. Because of this, client developers benefit from using hypermedia versus static documentation. Using hypermedia requires fewer or no hardcoded URI structures, and therefore fewer changes when services evolve. Client applications simply follow the links provided during runtime (i.e., they do not care if the endpoint changed). Further, hypermedia provides for better discoverability since the client can dynamically navigate through the service without additional instruction. It also supports better versioning and adaptability since the server determines how the client will interact with the service. Overall, HATEOAS offers greater flexibility, less overhead for maintaining services, and creates more robust and adaptable client-server architectures than static API documentation alone.









2.1When you provide a list of rooms using a RESTful API, your decision to include either just the ID of each room, or the entire room object, includes a trade off between having an efficient transmission over networks (bandwidth) vs. having more complex clients that have to process their own data.
Providing only the ID of a room provides a small enough payload so that you use less bandwidth and get faster responses. This has its greatest benefits when working with very large datasets, or if you're developing a system that will be used in a low-bandwidth environment. However, the client now has to send another request to receive the complete room details, resulting in longer latency and more complex code for the client.
In comparison, providing the complete room object reduces the need for multiple round-trips by including all of the required detail in one response, thus making client-side development easier. However, this also increases the amount of data transmitted in each response, potentially increasing bandwidth utilization and slowing responses due to the increased payload size. As with most things, there's no clear-cut answer here. While providing only the ID of the room may be the better option from a bandwidth standpoint, providing the entire room object will provide improved usability and responsiveness from the client's viewpoint. Ultimately, your decision should depend on the typical amount of information your client will require, the size of the dataset, and the current state of your client's network.

2.2The DELETE operation can be made idempotent by a well-designed RESTful service. Idempotence means that each time you make the same request (i.e., the same HTTP method, URI, headers etc.), it has the same effect on the server. When you send a DELETE request to delete a room, this is an example of an idempotent request. The first DELETE request will remove the room resource identified by your URI. Sending the same DELETE request again (with the same URI) does not have any additional effect -- because the resource is already gone. As long as you use the exact same URI (and don't add query parameters), sending the same DELETE request over and over again will always produce the same result -- i.e., no result at all. Depending on how your application was implemented, it may respond differently after the first request, but it should never change anything else after that point. For example, the response after the first request might include a success message like "204 No Content", while the response to subsequent requests would be something like "204 No Content" or "404 Not Found". Regardless of which one happens next, there are no other side-effects from retrying the same DELETE request. So, while idempotency doesn't guarantee that things happen predictably when you're using a badly-written client, it does help ensure that things behave safely, even when the client fails or the connection drops.








3.1When you put the @Consumes(MediaType.APPLICATION_JSON) annotation on a POST method in a JAX-RS resource (for example Jersey, Resteasy), you tell JAX-RS that it will only be able to process requests using the application/json Content-Type. So if a client sends the same information in a different format than application/json (like text/plain or application/xml), then the JAX-RS runtime will perform content negotiation to see which media type of the request matches what the target resource method has declared it supports. Since the request's media type does not match one that the target resource method has been declared to support, the JAX-RS runtime will reject the request before invoking the method, and will typically send back an HTTP 415 status code for "Unsupported Media Type". This behavior also serves to help prevent applications from being improperly initialized when there is a mismatch in the format of input data sent by clients. The reason for this is because no business logic will ever be executed on a request where the request's media type is unsupported by the resource method, thus maintaining application integrity. Using the @Consumes annotation makes the communication contract between client and server very explicit -- i.e., it clearly defines how much of the payload will be accepted, as well as how much will be ignored; therefore, any client sending incorrectly formatted JSON payloads will have their requests rejected safely by the framework.
3.2Using @QueryParam (for example Jersey or RESTEasy) for filtering (for example /api/v1/sensors?type=CO2) is typically viewed as preferable to including the filter inside the URL path (for example /api/v1/sensors/type/CO2). The use of query parameters in this way follows RESTful design better than the use of path segments, which allows for much greater flexibility. Query Parameters are used to provide filtering and search capabilities on collections and may be used to specify optional criteria. Path Segments are primarily utilized to identify resources that are unique or are part of a hierarchy. This means that when you choose to utilize query parameters you will be able to add multiple filter options at one time (for example ?type=CO2&status=active&location=lab). This would require a very rigid or complex URL structure if you were utilizing path segments. This makes your API much more scalable and flexible. Further, the utilization of query parameters to filter results maintains the consistency of your resource endpoint (your sensors remain /sensors), while still allowing for dynamic querying. On the other hand, using path based filtering could lead to many different resource endpoints and may also result in confusing designs. Finally, from a usability standpoint, query parameters are widely accepted by caches and clearly indicate what portion of the data set may be constrained by an option constraint. This will improve both the readability and maintainability of your API for all client developers. As such, the method of providing optional constraints via query parameters has far greater flexibility and provides clear semantics for complex queries than does providing those same constraints through the URL path.








4.1The main advantage of the Sub-Resource Locator pattern (in JAX-RS frameworks such as Jersey or RESTEasy) is that it is able to isolate how you handle nested resources into their own classes. Rather than having your controller class manage some very long path names (for example sensors/{id}/readings/{rid}), a parent resource will return an instance of the subresource class which is then responsible for handling the remainder of the URI. With this approach you improve both modularization and maintainability. Each class will now focus on its own specific resource, thus eliminating duplicated code throughout your application and make it easier to comprehend and add to. Additionally, because you are separating out the responsibility of processing certain aspects of your URI from other classes, adding additional subresources will become much simpler and will not require changes to previous classes. Your API design will be much more organized based upon your resource hierarchy. Therefore, using sub-resource locators as a way to delegate responsibilities through your API will prevent your controllers from becoming bloated and provide a clean design while at the same time allowing you to easily manage a large and constantly evolving API.

4.2**HTTP 422 Unprocessable Entity** is generally considered more semantically meaningful for **missing references within a well-formed JSON payload**, which would otherwise be reported back as **404 Not Found**, than for indicating that there was an error with the referenced endpoint. A 404 status code reports that the requested URI identifies a resource that does not exist, so the client either used an invalid or non-existent endpoint. On the other hand, reporting back a **422** status code means that although the request is structurally correct (the endpoint exists, valid JSON was sent), it is logically wrong; for example, it could contain references to entities (e.g., a room or a sensor ID) that do not exist in the system. The reason this distinction is significant is that using **422** will clearly indicate to both humans and machines whether the server accepted the request's structural form (the endpoint exists, the JSON syntax is correct etc.), however the server cannot process the request due to semantic errors in the supplied data. Therefore **422** can provide much more specific information to a client about what went wrong allowing them to develop appropriate logic for handling those failures as opposed to a generic failure where they have no way of determining why their call failed.
4.3 STACK TRACES AND CYBERSECURITY The problem with giving consumers of your external APIs access to Java stack traces from inside your organization is that you are leaking an abundance of technical detail about how your application works. Stack traces show all the class names, packages, methods signatures, file paths and line numbers that make up the workings of your program. If an attacker sees those pieces they will have a much easier time figuring out how your program works at an architectural level. That means he'll know what framework you're using (e.g. Spring Framework) and what version of that framework you're using. He'll know what other software components you're using (e.g. Hibernate). And since many of those frameworks and library versions contain known vulnerabilities he now has a good idea where to start his attack. Depending upon when the error occurs while processing an input, stack traces could potentially leak sensitive information like SQL queries or parts of database schema definitions. They might also leak certain configuration settings or part of user credentials. All this information makes the job of crafting targeted attacks against your system easier for the attacker. Therefore, any stack trace logging should happen on the back end (server-side), while providing a generic error message in the response sent to the client.


4.4The benefits of using JAX-RS Filters (for example, in frameworks similar to Jersey or RestEasy) for cross-cutting concerns, including logging include that they provide a centralized and reusable filter which will apply to both incoming and outgoing requests without having to embed additional code into each resource method. Logging can be handled through filters (specifically by implementing ContainerRequestFilter and ContainerResponseFilter). When developers use filters to handle logging within their applications, it separates the concern of how business logic should be implemented from where to implement application infrastructure. Developers avoid writing redundant code; improve maintainability; and ensure uniformity since all requests are logged identically without fear of missed or inconsistent "Logger.info()" calls. Updates/Extensions to logging behavior (headers, time-stamping, Correlation ID's etc.) can also be made once per deployment rather than across numerous methods. Overall, using JAX-RS Filters results in a cleaner, more modular, and scalable design for APIs when compared to manually embedding logging logic into multiple resource classes.

